hello everyone I'm 337 and today I bring you
a video that many people have asked me and
is how to optimize the PC for games without
good programs let's start the first
What we are going to do is activate the
multicore processor cores that
By default, they are deactivated
well first we went down to the start menu
we give right click initial administer
of tasks we go to file and execute
new task here we copy ms config
we are going to accept you here we go to the
start tab and we select the
operating system that we use in which
we want to apply the true change and
we give advanced options here activate
the number tab of processors and
we select the ones we have
I in my case have 2 only active 2
because if not I would only give 1
regardless if they have 8 or 16 only
would use 1 then here we activate the
number of presidents that we have ready
here we go to the services tab
we click on hide all services
from microsoft and here we deactivate all
the services that we do not use or that is what
is not indispensable
with that we released a little more ram
so that it is available for
Applications
right here at windows start we do
the same as what we did now and apply
in applying and going to request restart what
restart if you want to notice the change or
I hope you do everything
ready the second step would be to go to panel
control system
advanced configuration and performance
here what we are going to do is deactivate
all the effects of the desktop and the
start menu so there's more more
video memory and ram we explain in
adjust to have better performance
ready
well this other step is recommended
for people who have laptops
those who have desktop sets
they will not notice much change with this
step but on laptops and it shows a lot
the difference
let's put control on let's go to energy
energy options and we click on high
performance
with this we are going to make the computer
works to the maximum without taking into account the
light or energy are more than all
portable but still in the
desktop computers it shows the
change ready the next step is going to be
change the desktop resolution to
16 bits this is why this step is
recommended for those who have a card
integrated those who have a card
video is not necessary clear that what
they can do if they want to increase a bit
the performance when I had the
integrated
and change the resolution of the writing
6-bit note that the card the card
without any program on top I used
30% yield and when
place to 16 bits I got 9 on
hundred what does that mean that is
more than everything in integrated plates ready
here we select the resolution that
we had before it is this but the
we search in 16 bits with the same
exercises we accept and apply that I
I can not do it here because it hurts me
video
did another step is to erase all
temporary windows and in programs
we do the same and start the
manage tasks file execute and
we copy pre sets
prefect how they see it
we give in accepting tells us not to
have permits but let's continue
he says he will load this
are generally the programs that
they charge in memory then we go to
select everything and we will eliminate it
and ready
another place where there are many storms and
slowing down the computer would be in the
users click on the root hard drive
in my case we're going to users
in my case to catherine we search in app
data
local
and we eliminate only that inside
ready there is always a file that is not
eliminate what is the record of
windows but that's not important
ready for now these are all
steps if you liked the video subscribe
I like favorites and I'm going to make a
second part that is with programs for
that is much faster and I am
I speak to 337 and until next time